Report.md, before:

# Deep Reinforcement Learning
# Project 1 Report

## Learning algorithm

The algorithm is a Deep Q-Network, with Experience Replay and Fixed-Q Targets.

The Neural network had the following topography:
- Fully connected layer - input: 37 (state size) output: 128
- Fully connected layer - input: 128 output 64
- Fully connected layer - input: 64 output 32
- Fully connected layer - input: 32 output: 4 (action size)

It used Relu Activations. The Fixed-Q network was updated every forth episode.


For the DQN parameters, I used:
- Maximum steps per episode: 1000
- Starting epsilion: 1.0
- Ending epsilion: 0.01
- Epsilion decay rate: 0.99

The lower decay rate seems to speed up network learning, at the cost of increased noise.

## Results

The network trained very quicky, after 387 episode, which was much faster than the suggested 2000 episodes.
![results](chart.png)

```
Episode 100	Average Score: 0.65
Episode 200	Average Score: 6.11
Episode 300	Average Score: 10.25
Episode 387	Average Score: 13.01
Environment solved in 287 episodes!	Average Score: 13.01
```


## Ideas for future work

1. Extensive hyperparameter optimization
2. Double Deep Q Networks
3. Prioritized Experience Replay
4. Dueling Deep Q Networks
5. RAINBOW Paper
6. Learning from pixels

Commit message:

Fulfilled requirements from the Udacity Review
I have added a description of Deep Q-Learning, to clarify the code.

Report.md, after:

# Deep Reinforcement Learning
# Project 1 Report

## Learning algorithm

The code implements a Deep Q-Network, with Experience Replay and Fixed-Q Targets.

Q-learning learns the action-value function Q(s, a): how good to take an action at a particular state?
In Deep Q-learning, a neural network maps the input state to the appropriate action. However, if we tried to learn
directly, the order of the experiences would effct the learning, so we use Experience Replay to store and randomly update the network.
To prevent instability, we hold a set of second duplicate set of Q-targets fixed for a certain number of episodes before updating them to match, a technique called Fixed-Q targets.

The Neural network had the following topography:
- Fully connected layer - input: 37 (state size) output: 128
- Fully connected layer - input: 128 output 64
- Fully connected layer - input: 64 output 32
- Fully connected layer - input: 32 output: 4 (action size)

It used Relu Activations. The Fixed-Q network was updated every forth episode.


For the DQN parameters, I used:
- Maximum steps per episode: 1000
- Starting epsilion: 1.0
- Ending epsilion: 0.01
- Epsilion decay rate: 0.99

The lower decay rate seems to speed up network learning, at the cost of increased noise.

## Results

The network trained very quicky, after 387 episode, which was much faster than the suggested 2000 episodes.
![results](chart.png)

```
Episode 100	Average Score: 0.65
Episode 200	Average Score: 6.11
Episode 300	Average Score: 10.25
Episode 387	Average Score: 13.01
Environment solved in 287 episodes!	Average Score: 13.01
```


## Ideas for future work

1. Extensive hyperparameter optimization
2. Double Deep Q Networks
3. Prioritized Experience Replay
4. Dueling Deep Q Networks
5. RAINBOW Paper
6. Learning from pixels
